and the geeks today we get
found on gta 5 as the iphone any
new video two top-5 bugs and fail
of gta so the videos that will follow
are videos that belong to me so
which happened to me on online stations
and two videos that belong to
sir virtuoso by the way I
thank you so let's go for this top
easter so in fifth position that's
a very banal thing that happens often
it's textures that are not
model so useful do not appear
on assignments so that's stuff
that's hanging in the air
in fourth position I decided to
put this bug that was happening to me there is
not so long ago
so it was jet skis that were flying
in the open here I do not know how
they got there in the air but that's it
after the comments of the chasm in
French
in third position I decided to
put the virtuoso gentleman's video where
we saw a pnj stuck and who of the
kick jam the fence to get out
so unfortunately it can not go out anymore
you had to turn around so sorry
for you
then in second position we
can see a race again from
virtuoso sir or there he took a
springboard i thought
and unfortunately they go into
through the map so here is a
bug but what the fuck and that happen
not very often
but finally we see very rarely in
here we see very rarely this kind of
bay is in first position I decided
to put bad video where it was happening to me
something pretty what the fuck
cried because I was doing
junk to my car he did not want
let go
other times there I found that enough
funny and suddenly I wanted to put it
in first position
so that's all for this top 5
do not hesitate to tell me in the
comments what you will put you
in my place in number so for example the
psy you 'll put the number one in place
so that says the least in comment
it would make me very happy and tell me
so if you liked it we were given
maybe a little note on my top 5
also if you have bugs try
did not hesitate to go in
description there will be the email for
send me all your little videos so
really feel free to send me any
dish I will put may be in my
next top 5
stutter and faye of gta 5 so this is it
will be everything for this video do not hesitate
to like commented why subscribe
this new or put on my channel and
no to the next for other videos
big kisses and see you next time